README.md, before:

# BAN-SYSTEM-3.0-WEBSITE-CODEX

[Edit in StackBlitz next generation editor ⚡️](https://stackblitz.com/~/github.com/TheRacBW/BAN-SYSTEM-3.0-WEBSITE-CODEX)

## Environment Variables

The `roblox-status` function queries the Roblox Presence API through
`https://roblox-proxy.theraccoonmolester.workers.dev` with automatic
fallback to RoProxy. A valid `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie is required for detailed
presence information. The cookie can be provided either via the `ROBLOX_COOKIE`
environment variable or stored in the `roblox_settings` table (row with `id`
set to `global`). If both are present, the table value is used.

All Roblox API requests are sent with the headers `User-Agent: Roblox/WinInet` and `Referer: https://www.roblox.com/` to mimic the official client. Ensure your environment allows these headers to pass through.

Set the cookie in your deployment environment using the `ROBLOX_COOKIE` variable:

```bash
export ROBLOX_COOKIE=your_roblox_cookie_here
```

### Verify your cookie

Before saving, you can ensure the `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie works by hitting the
`https://users.roblox.com/v1/users/authenticated` endpoint with the
`Roblox/WinInet` user agent. A quick Node snippet:

```typescript
import axios from 'axios';

axios.get('https://users.roblox.com/v1/users/authenticated', {
  headers: {
    Cookie: `.ROBLOSECURITY=${yourCookie}`,
    'User-Agent': 'Roblox/WinInet'
  }
}).then(r => console.log('Logged in as', r.data.name))
  .catch(e => console.log('Failed -', e.response?.status));
```

The cookie must start with `_|WARNING:` and be copied exactly from your browser.

You can also hit the Supabase `verify-cookie` function directly:

```bash
curl -X POST "${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/verify-cookie" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ${VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY}" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"cookie": "your_cookie"}'
```

### Debugging Presence

If players appear online but the response lacks `placeId` or `universeId`, the
cookie may be missing or invalid. You can quickly check by calling the
`roblox-status` function with a test user and inspecting the `presenceMethod`
and `attemptLog` fields:

```bash
curl "${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/roblox-status?userId=USER_ID" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ${VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY}" \
  -H "Cookie: .ROBLOSECURITY=${ROBLOX_COOKIE}"
```

The `presenceMethod` indicates which API was used (`primary` for
`roblox-proxy`, `fallback` for RoProxy and `direct` for Roblox). All methods
still require a valid `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie in order for the Presence API to
return detailed information such as `placeId` and `universeId`.

Commit message:

Improve verify-cookie logging and deployment notes

README.md, after:

# BAN-SYSTEM-3.0-WEBSITE-CODEX

[Edit in StackBlitz next generation editor ⚡️](https://stackblitz.com/~/github.com/TheRacBW/BAN-SYSTEM-3.0-WEBSITE-CODEX)

## Environment Variables

The `roblox-status` function queries the Roblox Presence API through
`https://roblox-proxy.theraccoonmolester.workers.dev` with automatic
fallback to RoProxy. A valid `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie is required for detailed
presence information. The cookie can be provided either via the `ROBLOX_COOKIE`
environment variable or stored in the `roblox_settings` table (row with `id`
set to `global`). If both are present, the table value is used.

All Roblox API requests are sent with the headers `User-Agent: Roblox/WinInet` and `Referer: https://www.roblox.com/` to mimic the official client. Ensure your environment allows these headers to pass through.

Set the cookie in your deployment environment using the `ROBLOX_COOKIE` variable:

```bash
export ROBLOX_COOKIE=your_roblox_cookie_here
```

### Verify your cookie

Before saving, you can ensure the `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie works by hitting the
`https://users.roblox.com/v1/users/authenticated` endpoint with the
`Roblox/WinInet` user agent. A quick Node snippet:

```typescript
import axios from 'axios';

axios.get('https://users.roblox.com/v1/users/authenticated', {
  headers: {
    Cookie: `.ROBLOSECURITY=${yourCookie}`,
    'User-Agent': 'Roblox/WinInet'
  }
}).then(r => console.log('Logged in as', r.data.name))
  .catch(e => console.log('Failed -', e.response?.status));
```

The cookie must start with `_|WARNING:` and be copied exactly from your browser.

You can also hit the Supabase `verify-cookie` function directly:

```bash
curl -X POST "${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/verify-cookie" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ${VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY}" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"cookie": "your_cookie"}'
```

### Deploying Supabase Functions

Ensure that the `verify-cookie` function is deployed so the admin panel can
reach it. From the project root run:

```bash
supabase functions deploy verify-cookie
```

Deploy any other functions, such as `roblox-status`, in the same way.

### Debugging Presence

If players appear online but the response lacks `placeId` or `universeId`, the
cookie may be missing or invalid. You can quickly check by calling the
`roblox-status` function with a test user and inspecting the `presenceMethod`
and `attemptLog` fields:

```bash
curl "${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/roblox-status?userId=USER_ID" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ${VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY}" \
  -H "Cookie: .ROBLOSECURITY=${ROBLOX_COOKIE}"
```

The `presenceMethod` indicates which API was used (`primary` for
`roblox-proxy`, `fallback` for RoProxy and `direct` for Roblox). All methods
still require a valid `.ROBLOSECURITY` cookie in order for the Presence API to
return detailed information such as `placeId` and `universeId`.
